Add document loader docs (#65)
digitalbazaar/jsonld-signatures: README.md

via a `documentLoader` or it can be provided directly to the API via the
signature suite or proof purpose, respectively.

> This library's `documentLoader` already contains the security contexts for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library's default `documentLoader` is very strict for security and content integrity purposes. It will only load locally available copies of the context documents that define the terms it uses internally. Any attempt to load any other documents (including other contexts) will throw an error. If other documents such as verification methods (e.g., public key documents), cannot be provided directly to the API and thus need to be loaded, a custom document loader must be passed. For the sake of clarity, the default document loader will only load locally available copies of the following documents:
```

- https://w3id.org/security/v1
- https://w3id.org/security/v2

> If you require other security contexts you will need to provide a `documentLoader`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require other documents to be loaded then you will need to provide a `documentLoader`
```

> that can fetch them. jsonld.js provides both a node and browser `documentLoader` you can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can fetch them. jsonld.js provides both a node and browser `documentLoader` you can use, however, depending on your use case, you may increase security by using a custom `documentLoader` that is similarly strict and will only load a subset of documents that is constrained by some technical, security, or business rules.
```

> This library's default `documentLoader` is very strict for security and content integrity purposes. It will only load locally available copies of the context documents that define the terms it uses internally. Any attempt to load any other documents (including other contexts) will throw an error. If other documents such as verification methods (e.g., public key documents), cannot be provided directly to the API and thus need to be loaded, a custom document loader must be passed. For the sake of clarity, the default document loader will only load locally available copies of the following documents:

Reviewer: This looks like a single line -- can we break it up accordingly? (80 char line limit) ... same for anything else here.

via a `documentLoader` or it can be provided directly to the API via the
signature suite or proof purpose, respectively.

This library's default `documentLoader` is very strict for security and content
integrity purposes. It will only load locally available copies of the context
documents that define the terms it uses internally. Any attempt to load any
other documents (including other contexts) will throw an error. If other
documents such as verification methods (e.g., public key documents), cannot
be provided directly to the API and thus need to be loaded, a custom document
loader must be passed. For the sake of clarity, the default document loader
will only load locally available copies of the following documents:

- https://w3id.org/security/v1
- https://w3id.org/security/v2

If you require other documents to be loaded then you will need to provide a

> `documentLoader` that can fetch them. jsonld.js provides both a node and browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`documentLoader` that can provide them. jsonld.js provides both a node and browser
```

// sign the document as a simple assertion
const {RsaSignature2018} = jsigs.suites;
const {AssertionProofPurpose} = jsigs.purposes;
const {RSAKeyPair} = require('crypto-ld');
const {documentLoaders} = require('jsonld');

const key = new RSAKeyPair({...publicKey, privateKeyPem});
const signed = await jsigs.sign(doc, {
  suite: new RsaSignature2018({key}),
  purpose: new AssertionProofPurpose()
});

console.log('Signed document:', signed);
// we will need the documentLoader to verify the controller
const {node: documentLoader} = documentLoaders;

// verify the signed document
const result = await jsigs.verify(signed, {

>   documentLoader

Reviewer 2: missing comma.
